Lord Fengyun, are you here?
How to do it? In fact, I am invited tonight,
Dad Gan came here as a party merchant, but my master was killed in the North War and suddenly he was about to come to Linjiang City.
The two of them were discussing the wedding of Mr. Shen Emperor.
So just live in me.
The war in the North is really coming. This matter of Emperor Shen’s wedding is indeed a matter of great concern.
Maybe it’s because I gave the Su Family Code to a single dog,
So turn the storm around,
Wish I was quite old. Come this time,
My father Gan and my master are separated.
Let me bring back Si Ka
Where are these two cards?
Although the money is not much
But it can be regarded as the wishes of the two elders
than ten million
this is enough
Can get the admiration of the two big bosses
There is light coming
Is this person of good quality?
It's possible that Xiaoyu is an illusion created by some people
This dragon river snake is originally two worlds
Lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift
Lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift. Lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift, lift